---
title: "Working on It"
date: "2021-04-23"
type: "blog-post"
---

So I began working on this other site. It's the site that will sit with the <a href='crackafetch.com'>crackafetch.com</a> domain. This site is definatly a headache so far. First most, im working with two new techonolgies. Namely Next.js and material-ui for react. Next.js is nearly necassary for my vision for this project, so I will see through understanding this tech. It also seems like a much more robust framework compared to its counterpart Gatsby.js. Material-ui is certainly not semantic, though apparently it is the most popular ui componant library for React? I do like the default practice for styling that comes with the software. Really the main headache im giving myself is trying to implement dificult things with these new techs. I want to move forward in general complexity but I have no regard for the fact that I am restarting at step one so far as what my tools are. I did not expect this, but I have really been looking forward to writing in this blog. Starting to actually embrace the creative outlet that I created here. I bought a new keyboard, I really like it. Ducky one 2 mini v2, with cherry mx blue switches (click clack intensifies). I am learning the pleasure of playing typing games. Mostly the typing of the dead game on steam, where I can challenge myslef most adequetly. Really helps me take full advantage of the scope provided by this 60% board. Anyway, time to get to work on that other site. I would love to come back to this one and begin implementing some things. Namely, fix some styling issues and implement some things that abuse reacts' state idealogy. Though I think my road map looks something like: finish next.js/material-ui site, look for a professional job in this hemisphere of software (react/web-dev), polish off the few sites I have booted a little before I work on more. If i can resist working on a site long enough i'll boot up a react native project which im certainly very excited about what that will look like. I'll leave of on a distant piece of info here, what will I end up doing with phaser.js? The piece of tech is so alluring but it feels like something that will be an endless rabit hole if i dive. thank's for reading my certainly longest blog post so far, have a nice day!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wFvBY4CtF0k" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>